Update iOS CarPlay blog post styling (#31121)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2024-01-29-companion-app-for-ios-20241-carplay.markdown

<lite-youtube videoid="u__oD7OhdJI" videotitle="Carplay is here!"></lite-youtube>

> <table>
> <tr>
> <th style="font-weight: 400">Big thanks to DXspark for helping us make the foundation of CarPlay and kicking off the project.</th>
> <th><img src="/images/blog/2024-01-ios-carplay/dxspark.png" alt="drawing" style="width: 300px;" alt="DXspark"/>
> </th>
> </tr>
> </table>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="/images/blog/2024-01-ios-carplay/dxspark.png" style="border:none; box-shadow: none; float: right;" height="50"> Big thanks to DXspark for helping us make the foundation of CarPlay and kicking off the project.
```
